are a mysterious group of robot creatures controlled by an unknown extra-galactic super force. They are hideously strong and quick.
are incredibly tough, and guard their territories with alarming ferocity. They are generally uninterested in diplomacy with other species.
are from a seething, volcanic world, and they are able to subsist on raw minerals.  They are slothful but highly intelligent.
subsist by filtering the rich, soupy atmosphere of their world. A Kambuchka's entire body is a convoluted sensory membrane.
are an ancient race of toroidal mind-bodies. They are in tune with life and nature, and are masters of communication.
are composed entirely of liquid, and a severely injured Fludentri heals in seconds. They are ambitious and unintellectual.
are cute little rodents. Their disarming appearance belies their ruthless diplomatic skill.
are cosmic exiles.  They were driven from their home world by the dread Frutmaka, and survived only by finding great strength in adversity.
share a common home world and ancestry with the Swaparamans.  Their black-hole god, Graveesha, has given them the ability to warp space.
are a non-organic lifeform, and masters of the dark forces of the universe.  They harness arcane powers that sap and oppose all life.
are spirits of nature.  They transformed their once-barren home world into a lush paradise.  They are guarded but trustworthy.
are brain parasites.  Their mind-control can leave a victim uncertain of which memories are real and which were implanted.
practice science in a most unsportsmanlike fashion. Nearly all of their knowledge is stolen.
are adept at camouflage, self-protection, and survival.  They keep their motives hidden and are cunning diplomats.
are large single-celled creatures that reproduce at will.  They are extremely expansionistic and communication with them is difficult.
are a chivalrous race of astronomers and mystics. They are fierce enemies and loyal friends.
are a gangly tree-people. They are respectful of other life, but want more than anything to be left alone.
are territorial insects.  They use complex pheromone signals to manipulate other creatures into protecting their territory for them.
are jewel-like water creatures.  Their brains are organic optical computers, making them lightning-quick.
are six-legged reptilians.  They are fascinated with technology and gadgets, and produce brilliant engineers and fleet captains.
are composed of dense, cohesive gases.  Their abilities to form tools of any shape and fit into small spaces make them marvelous builders.